c:\users\rogueboy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\bin\Debug\BANK.exe.config
c:\users\rogueboy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\bin\Debug\BANK.exe
c:\users\rogueboy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\bin\Debug\BANK.pdb
c:\users\rogueboy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.BANK_Manager_Form.resources
c:\users\rogueboy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rogueboy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rogueboy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.exe
c:\users\rogueboy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.pdb
c:\users\rogueboy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.Registration.resources
c:\Users\Rogueboy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.Main_BANK_Form.resources
c:\Users\Rogueboy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Rogueboy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.AddNewClient.resources
c:\Users\Rogueboy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.AddNewCredit.resources
C:\Users\Rogueboy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.AddNewPayments.resources
C:\Users\Rogueboy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.ChangeClientsData.resources
C:\Users\Rogueboy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.ChangeBankManagerData.resources
C:\Users\Rogueboy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\bin\Debug\BANK.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Rogueboy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\bin\Debug\BANK.application
C:\Users\Rogueboy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Rogueboy\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.application
E:\priject\BANK\BANK\bin\Debug\BANK.exe.config
E:\priject\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.exe
E:\priject\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.pdb
E:\priject\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\priject\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.AddNewClient.resources
E:\priject\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.AddNewCredit.resources
E:\priject\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.AddNewPayments.resources
E:\priject\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.BANK_Manager_Form.resources
E:\priject\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.ChangeBankManagerData.resources
E:\priject\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.ChangeClientsData.resources
E:\priject\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.Main_BANK_Form.resources
E:\priject\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\priject\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.Registration.resources
E:\priject\BANK\BANK\obj\Debug\BANK.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
